Add --strict option (#304)
cashapp/spirit: USAGE.md

If you start a migration and realize that you forgot to set defer-cutover, worry not! You can manually create a sentinel table using the pattern `_<table>_sentinel`, and Spirit will detect the table before the cutover is completed and block as though defer-cutover had been enabled from the beginning.

Note that the checksum, if enabled, will be computed after the sentinel table is dropped. Because the checksum step takes an estimated 10-20% of the migration, the cutover will not occur immediately after the sentinel table is dropped.

### strict

- Type: Boolean
- Default value: FALSE

> When set to `TRUE`, Spirit will exit if it finds checkpoints belonging to some other migration with a different --alter to avoid losing progress.
> 
> By default, Spirit will automatically clean up these old checkpoints before starting the migration. 

Reviewer: I would reverse the order of these two sentences, then it's easier to follow:

```suggestion
By default, Spirit will automatically clean up these old checkpoints before starting the schema change. This allows schema changes to always be possible to proceed forward, at the risk of lost progress.

When set to `TRUE`, if Spirit encounters a checkpoint belonging to a previous migration, it will validate that the alter statement matches the `--alter` parameter. If the validation fails, spirit will exit and prevent the schema change process from proceeding.

```
